LearningUIKit/README.md, before:

# Swift UI

### Objective
* Build Simple UIs
* Get used to using the swiftUI inspector

### Basics

- Views are created in structs
- Easily modify properties by chaining them
```
struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        Text("Tutle Rock")
            .font(.title)
            .fontWeight(.bold)
            .foregroundColor(.green)
    }
}
```
- The code always offer the source of truth


### Layout
- VStack: vertical stack 
- HStack: horizontal stack (row)
    - Can be nested
- Spacer: Place between elements to dynamcially space them apart
- padding: Adds some space around the element (like in css)
- `.frame(height: 300)` can but used to specify a frame and set size
- `.offset(y: -130)` shifts up by 130 pts. 

#### Summary
- Declare view's layout in body
- Use stacks to combine views

### Custom Views

#### Image View
```
struct CircleImage: View {
    var body: some View {
    Image("location")
        .resizable()
        .aspectRatio(contentMode: .fit)
        .clipShape(Circle())
    }
}
```
- `.resizable()` allows it to resize to fit space
    - This can cause it the aspect ratio to shift
- Use `.aspectRatio(contentMode: )` to specify aspect ratio
- Can use `.clipshape(shape:)` to clip the image


#### Map View Example
```
import MapKit

struct MapView: UIViewRepresentable {
    func makeUIView(context: Context) -> MKMapView {
        MKMapView(frame: .zero)
    }

    func updateUIView(_ uiView: MKMapView, context: Context) {
        let coordinate = CLLocationCoordinate2D(
            latitude: 34.011286, longitude: -116.166868)
        let span = MKCoordinateSpan(latitudeDelta: 2.0, longitudeDelta: 2.0)
        let region = MKCoordinateRegion(center: coordinate, span: span)
        uiView.setRegion(region, animated: true)
    }
}
```

#### List View
- Creates a list that uses a view

##### Subview
```
struct LandmarkRow: View {
    var landmark: Landmark
    
    var body: some View {
        HStack{
            landmark.image
                .resizable()
                .frame(width: 50, height: 50)
            Text(landmark.name)
            Spacer()
        }
    }
}
``` 
- This is the subview that the list uses
- Takes in a Landmark object and creates a row in the list

##### List View
```
struct LandmarkList: View {
    var body: some View {
        List(landmarkData){ landmark in
            LandmarkRow(landmark: landmark)
        }
    }
}
```
- Pass in the landmarkData array
- for each landmark in landmarkData, show a new row
- the list has the ability to scroll without the need to embed in something like a scroll view

Commit message:

learning about embeding lists in navigationView and using navigationLinks

LearningUIKit/README.md, after:

# Swift UI

## Objective
* Build Simple UIs
* Get used to using the swiftUI inspector

[Tutorial from Apple](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/building-lists-and-navigation)

--- 
## Basics

- Views are created in structs
- Easily modify properties by chaining them
```
struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        Text("Tutle Rock")
            .font(.title)
            .fontWeight(.bold)
            .foregroundColor(.green)
    }
}
```
- The code always offer the source of truth


### Layout
- VStack: vertical stack 
- HStack: horizontal stack (row)
    - Can be nested
- Spacer: Place between elements to dynamcially space them apart
- padding: Adds some space around the element (like in css)
- `.frame(height: 300)` can but used to specify a frame and set size
- `.offset(y: -130)` shifts up by 130 pts. 

---

## Custom Views

#### Image View
```
struct CircleImage: View {
    var body: some View {
    Image("location")
        .resizable()
        .aspectRatio(contentMode: .fit)
        .clipShape(Circle())
    }
}
```
- `.resizable()` allows it to resize to fit space
    - This can cause it the aspect ratio to shift
- Use `.aspectRatio(contentMode: )` to specify aspect ratio
- Can use `.clipshape(shape:)` to clip the image

---
#### Map View 
```
import MapKit

struct MapView: UIViewRepresentable {
    func makeUIView(context: Context) -> MKMapView {
        MKMapView(frame: .zero)
    }

    func updateUIView(_ uiView: MKMapView, context: Context) {
        let coordinate = CLLocationCoordinate2D(
            latitude: 34.011286, longitude: -116.166868)
        let span = MKCoordinateSpan(latitudeDelta: 2.0, longitudeDelta: 2.0)
        let region = MKCoordinateRegion(center: coordinate, span: span)
        uiView.setRegion(region, animated: true)
    }
}
```
---
#### List View
- Creates a list that uses a view
> Instead of specifying a list’s elements individually, you can generate rows directly from a collection.
- Lists requires <i> identifiable </i> data
    - Either pass along a property that uniquely identifies each element
    - or conform to the `Identifiable` protocal

##### Subview
```
struct LandmarkRow: View {
    var landmark: Landmark 
    // ^ conforms to identifiable protocol
    
    var body: some View {
        HStack{
            landmark.image
                .resizable()
                .frame(width: 50, height: 50)
            Text(landmark.name)
            Spacer()
        }
    }
}
``` 
- This is the subview that the list uses
- Takes in a Landmark object and creates a row in the list

##### List View
```
struct LandmarkList: View {
    var body: some View {
        List(landmarkData){ landmark in
            LandmarkRow(landmark: landmark)
        }
    }
}
```
- Pass in the landmarkData array
- for each landmark in landmarkData, show a new row
- the list has the ability to scroll without the need to embed in something like a scroll view

---

#### Navigation from list View
- This works in the format `list` -> `detail`
- Can embed list into a `NavigationView`, and each row of the list to `NavigationLink`
